Docs: restructure Configure data links page (#80100)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/configure-data-links/index.md

# Configure data links

Data links allow you to provide more granular context to your links. You can create links that include the series name or even the value under the cursor. For example, if your visualization showed four servers, you could add a data link to one or two of them.

> The link itself is accessible in different ways depending on the visualization. For the Graph you need to click on a data point or line, for a panel like

Reviewer: We probably want to refer to time series vs graph (as we are deprecating graph panel in v11)

```suggestion
The link itself is accessible in different ways depending on the visualization. For the Time series you need to click on a data point or line, for a panel like
```

Author: I'll make sure to update this in the PR where i'm making copy edits!

If you want to add all of the current dashboard's variables to the URL, then use `${__all_variables}`.

## Add a data link

> 1. Hover over any part of the panel you want to which you want to add the data link to display the actions menu on the top right corner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Hover over any part of the panel to which you want to add the data link to display the actions menu in the top right corner.
```

Author: All good, this will get resolved on another PR that'll be merged into this one later. Just keeping my PR scopes really separate to make review easier for the team (my last PR was a bit of a nightmare, lol).
